docs(srv): add titles to FAQ pages MTA-5486 (#4253)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-containers.mdx

This process ensures a seamless update experience, minimizing user disruption during deployments. If needed, you can also manage traffic splitting between versions during the update process, allowing you to test new versions with a subset of traffic before fully migrating to it.

### Can I migrate existing applications to Serverless Containers?

Yes. Many traditional applications can be containerized and deployed to Serverless Containers. This makes it easier to modernize legacy systems without a complete rewrite. By moving to a serverless platform, you gain automatic scaling, reduced operational overhead, and a simpler infrastructure management experience.

### How can I select the right resources (vCPU/RAM/ephemeral storage) for Serverless Containers ?

Insufficient vCPU, RAM or ephemeral storage can lead to containers going to error status. Make sure to provision enough resources for your container.

We recommend you set high values, [use metrics to monitor](/serverless/containers/how-to/monitor-container/) the resource usage of your container, then adjust the values accordingly.

### How can I reduce the cold-starts of Serverless Containers ?

> * **Optimize the startup**: Cold-starts can be affected by a loading a large number of dependencies and opening lot of resources at startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Optimize the startup**: Cold-starts can be affected by loading a large number of dependencies and opening several resources at startup.
```

* **Use sandbox v2**: We recommend you use sandbox v2 (advanced settings) to reduce cold starts.

### What are the limitations of Serverless Containers?

Refer to our dedicated page about [Serverless Containers limitations and configuration restrictions](/serverless/containers/reference-content/containers-limitations/) for more information.

### Why does my container have an instance running after deployment, even with min-scale 0?

Currently, a new container instance will always start after each deployment, even if there is no traffic and the minimum
scale is set to 0. This behavior is not configurable at this time.

## Usage

> ### How can I deploy my Containers?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How can I deploy my containers?
```

There are several ways to deploy containers. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/containers/reference-content/deploy-container/) to determine the best method for your use case.

### How do I integrate my serverless solutions with other Scaleway services?

Integration is straightforward. Serverless Functions and Containers can be triggered by events from [Queues](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#queues) and [Topics and Events](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#topics-and-events), and can easily communicate with services like [Managed Databases](/managed-databases/) or [Serverless databases](/serverless/sql-databases/). [Serverless Jobs](/serverless/jobs/) can pull data from [Object Storage](/storage/object), or output processed results into a database. With managed connectors, APIs, and built-in integrations, linking to the broader Scaleway ecosystem is seamless.

### Where should I host my container images for deployment ?

<Macro id="container-registry-note" />

### How can I copy an image from an external registry to Scaleway Container Registry?

> You can copy an image from an external registry using the Docker CLI, or open source third-party tools such as Skopeo. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/containers/api-cli/migrate-external-image-to-scaleway-registry/) for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe add a link to Skopeo?

> You can copy an image from an external registry using the Docker CLI, or open source third-party tools such as Skopeo. Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/containers/api-cli/migrate-external-image-to-scaleway-registry/) for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
You can copy an image from an external registry using the Docker CLI, or open source third-party tools such as [Skopeo](https://github.com/containers/skopeo). Refer to the [dedicated documentation](/serverless/containers/api-cli/migrate-external-image-to-scaleway-registry/) for more information.
```

> ### How does Serverless Container health check work ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How does a Serverless Container's health check work ?
```

> A Serverless Container is set to `ready` once the specified port is correctly bound to the container, and will start receiving traffic. If your application needs to perform some tasks before receiving traffic (e.g. connect to a database), it's important to run them before binding to the port (starting the webserver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Serverless Container is set to `ready` once the specified port is correctly bound to the container, and will start receiving traffic. If your application needs to perform some tasks before receiving traffic (e.g. connect to a database), it is important to run them before binding to the port (starting the webserver).
```

For now, the `HEALTHCHECK` Docker directive has no impact on container readiness. In the future, the health check will be customizable for your applications.

## Network and storage

### Can I whitelist the IPs of my containers?

Serverless Containers does not yet support Private Networks. However, you can use the Scaleway IP ranges defined at [https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/) on Managed Databases and other products that allow IP filtering.

### Which protocols are supported by Serverless Containers?

> Serverless Containers use the **http1** protocol by default, but some services (e.g., gRPC) only support http2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers use the **http1** protocol by default, but some services (e.g., gRPC) only support `http2`.
```

Protocol switching is available in the Console under the `Advanced options` section in the `Deployment` tab.

### Why does my gRPC container not respond?

> Containers use http1 by default, yet the gRPC protocol requires http2. You can upgrade the protocol to http2 (`h2c`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers use **http1** by default, yet the gRPC protocol requires `http2`. You can upgrade the protocol to `http2` (`h2c`).
```

### How can I configure access to a Private Network?

Scaleway Serverless Containers does not currently support Scaleway VPC or Private Networks, though this feature is under development.

> To add network restrictions on your resource, consult the [list of prefixes used at Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/). Serverless resources do not have dedicated or predictable IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add network restrictions on your resource, refer to the [list of prefixes used at Scaleway](https://www.scaleway.com/en/peering/). Serverless resources do not have dedicated or predictable IP addresses.
```

### How can I attach Block Storage to a Serverless Container?

Scaleway Serverless Containers do not currently support attaching Block Storage. These containers are designed to be
stateless, meaning they do not retain data between invocations. For persistent storage, we recommend using external
solutions like Scaleway Object Storage.

### How can I store data in my Serverless resource?

Serverless resources are by default [stateless](/serverless/containers/concepts/#stateless), local storage is ephemeral.

> For some use cases, such as saving analysis results, exporting data etc., it can be important to save data. Serverless resources can be connected to other resources from the Scaleway ecosystem for this purpose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For certain use cases, such as saving analysis results or exporting data, it can be important to have permanent storage to save data. Serverless resources can be connected to other resources from the Scaleway ecosystem for this purpose:
```
